There is no medical cure.
The only way
It's just to keep emphasizing the important things
Infusion deepening agent
It will be better.
You're awake, let's go try on the wedding dress
I you try
You even me
Did you forget about me?
Sorry but I
Never mind.
I knew you would forget
Yeah.
I am Siyang
Is your fiancé
We used to love each other
And they're about to get married.
I want you to remember these, okay?
And
You lost a lot of memory because of being sick
Except me.
Don't trust anyone
Remember
Me and Siyang
Were you really in love before?
Why can't I remember anything?
OK
Let's take you to try on a wedding dress
After trying on a wedding dress for so long
You and your baby must be hungry, right?
come
Go ahead and eat.
Why don't you like it?
Who is used to other people's stinky problems
Obviously I don't like to eat fat
Skinny people who like to eat fat to lose weight
Eat by yourself in the future, I don't care
Xiaolan, why don't you remember anything?
But still remember him
Is it later?
Is there really no chance at all?